Bonjour Lain, tu t'es bien portée ?
Oui, et toi ?
Yes, I’ve been fine. I’m a bit tired, though.
Fatiguée ?
Oui, j’ai été assez occupée.
Occupée ? A quel point ?
Hmm... Eh bien... Au moins parler avec toi comme ça est quelquechose que je peux espérer.
Vraiment ?
Really! What shall we talk about today... What do you want to talk about, Lain?
Nous n'avons pas eu l'occasion de parler de toi le mois dernier.
I’d rather talk about you, though, Lain; not about myself.
But you’re right, it’s only fair that we both get to talk about what we want, so this time we’ll talk about me. But next time we’ll talk about you, Lain. Is that all right?
Okay!
I’m not sure where I should start, though... My name is Younera Touko, I’m 27, I’m a doctor at the Tokyo Research Institute for Psychotherapy... That's all about me.
Ah, on ne va aller nulle part de cette façon.
You know, I’m used to listening people talk, not talking myself.
Is there anything you’d like to know, Lain?
Comment es-tu devenue docteure ?
J'ai beaucoup étudié dans un endroit appelé l'université.
J'ai écrit une chose que l'on appel une thèse, et avec cela j'ai reçu mon diplôme pour devenir médecin.